please all right welcome everyone and
this is the JavaScript all the
JavaScript JavaScript IP is IP LD All
Hands developers call on March the 5th
welcome everyone I am today leading the
meeting because that it doesn't have
time and the creep head is also already
there if you haven't added your what
you've done or and what you will do next
week in the crypt pad please go ahead
and add yourself I will also paste the
link to the crib head into the chat room
all right okay all right then we start
with the first
Oh the first item obviously is the
note-taker who is willing to take notes
any volunteers anyone please okay thanks
Stevie you will take the oats it's
actually not too bad because well
everyone sitting his his or her items
anyway alright yeah alright so that's
anyone have anything else for the agenda
please raise your hand
yeah it is the correct whatever case is
the wrong one because I wasn't a meeting
before let's see
I say fine 1803 oh yeah that's the
correct one so you should have so if it
contains things then yeah okay okay all
right any other John Adams no all right
so
alright then let's go through the round
table oh I see someone new I haven't
seen before I mean I haven't been to so
much for a cause so far so saying are
you new to the group yeah
so do you do quickly introduce yourself
please
yeah sure we're insane
was really sort of like until you like
the French isn't sort of like
distributed data doing CR DTS and some
content addressable storage stumbled
across slid p2p and RPF s was really
interested in joining so last week was
my first meeting and so started to make
some very simple PRS to sort of get up
to speed on what's happening I'd like to
eventually work on DHT awesomeness so
and bringing IP n s 2j s there yeah cool
thanks yeah oh yeah I forgot that of
course I missed you laughter use call
myself so I'm sorry for that okay so I'm
now - now to the roundtable what
everyone has been working on so I will
just start in the order that we if the
people in there so Dmitry can you please
Plus what you've worked on better now
and it can be approached still there's
but I think we have something that we
can actually merge and and go with for
for the time being that fixed a lot of
the CIA shoes as well so overall I think
it's it's
we got everything we needed from from
the drug tests I got one blocker
regarding that which is the sum of the
Mac OS builds are failing because of
what accident
errors in Jenkins I know that big trace
aware of that in looking into it then
you probably have something that
addresses it so it's occasional so it's
it's it's quite random you don't hit it
every time so it's not a huge deal eater
then I also worked on the circulatory
Lou and I got a graph for that I think
at some point we the vid suggested that
I request a review from John and and I
believe Rob which I'm not sure if you
guys had a chance and I haven't see you
out here chance to take a look at it
yeah but it's a small graph they can if
anyone is interested in reviewing it
I'll leave a link in there and if you
guys are willing to run Twitter then and
kind of test it out and see if you were
able to enable the circuit and use it
and everything working that would be
super super awsome
and there was an issue the let's see as
I said I'm watching your name so I'm
sorry mkj 20001 discovered with abrupt
multiplex or termination so I I think we
found Alicia was and I did a quick acid
to profess it there's some feedback that
even if we don't gave me but I think we
we got that covered as well that's it
that's what I did last video
all right then to the next one the next
one on the list
Oh his mmm it well David isn't here but
he said well I was involved with it
there was the MJS ipfs 0.28 release
which is great also in this release the
Jas IP LD resolved what got renamed to
cheat just j8i Kali and yeah he fixed
some DHT tests and he's not worked and
he will work on the lip p2p next
endeavor okay that's cool um then oh
it's me the next one um so I've worked
on an interesting issue which is the web
pack out of memory issue some people
might have seen it that both parts were
failing and I think I finally found a
solution so I read like the solution
that I found it would also be cool if
someone could review it or like getting
more input because I get really like
it's it should be make most compatible
but I'm not sure so also if anyone wants
to try it out Oakley with his test suite
just write out if it's the works should
just work and basically what happened is
that in WebP egg and some caramel
creates a rep egg bundle for every test
case running the whole project and with
this change is only a single panel for
all the tests all right what else yeah
I'm kind of blocked on the issue because
I have changes in my q4j s h FS api but
as long as the tests are not working on
CI it's kind of difficult to merge so I
hopefully get this one merged soon and
then I won't talk anymore
finally I was again hopefully find some
times we're gonna icon these like this
and I get my changes merged alright so
next is
MKT 20001 so I've been mainly focused on
finishing Lupino trust
I was rewriting it because at the
beginning it was using one white cat
certificate and that was kind of an
issue because everyone had the same
certificate so I fixed that and many
Jews might be too DNS staff that I also
elaborated in the demo and I am locked
on the issue with WebSockets where where
I added a line of code so it passes the
options object to the pool when put
WebSockets module to create a server
with certificate and key because it
wasn't passing the options properly and
there were also Delia Stream maxing
issues and another issue basically it's
about being able to crash the nodes
randomly and that is also problem and I
had the idea of deploying Lippe not
trusted OPI or domain because that's
what it says in the description and
that's what I will do next and I will I
will also try to merge the lipid lipid
pure WebSocket star rewrite but that is
currently blocked by the little puri
right most everything understand a bit
or yeah yeah what's good yeah they could
hear you well
all right yeah thanks for the update
next one is John hey so I mostly worked
last week and not so much this week and
last week on I'm spending me this big
pin PR for Jessica this spinning
features and basically in any push to
new code so basically but on its own is
it was was good I made some tweaks for
like option passing for HTTP stuff and
or some parsing and I think if you know
a few other things I also made some
interrupts test for between Co and Jess
for the pin and I was just I was so I
think I would you know we'll be making a
pull request on that today but I also
noticed Dimitri's pull request to the
interrupt sweets and it's very different
very different patterns that I was using
so I would love to talk to Dmitri about
you know the configuration based testing
and if maybe we could use both of ours
to make sure that we kind of flush out
that both both that D that configuration
those configurations are sufficient or
we can do yeah just figure out maybe the
next iteration on that
maybe I'll just push what I have now so
we can see both and then and then I'm
totally happy to go back and change
everything because the concepts are very
simple but it's just a lot of a lot of
fixtures kind of going on and what else
I'm sorry I'm going to see my notes I
have a few um so I have a few Pierre's
that are opened there's the only half
kind of the speculative bad or it'll
just just creates a hash of herb I'll um
that is open and there's two pairs
related that lend women hippest API and
one in ipfs ipfs API right now I think
it's ready it's you know we seem to have
a lot of CRX Cillian inconsistencies I
think everything passed at one point and
the person with the same code with the
same code um so I would like that I
think I'm ready for it fully ready for
review there and anything I can listen
to me that it's just some textures um so
the next thing is I just want it so I
push these pin PR and then the
interprets a lot of pork appears they're
open so I want to make sure that I've
heard it will be too close to this
you
all right Hoss
oh that's great I'm going cuz also I
think a few of us have a lot of I have a
few things that are on the burners
waiting for review I'm still I'll make
that a thing that I do over the next day
or two to try to help you guys move
forward in that because I think that
we're all a bit stuck on that by that
yes but I can't finalize anything still
new
all right so thanks for your update next
up is with big tall so okay so I'm gonna
share my screen because it's gonna be a
bit faster through everything but you
get a nice view what's happening you
should be able to see my screen out
right cool so the first one is checking
so we can't really build what we require
and everything that we deal with so if
you have us open you are probably you
wanna notice that now we have a Jenkins
thingy here if you go to the details you
will see the different platforms after
it on a month lease coaster bomb you
will see all the different platforms
that we're building on together with a
partial number if you click on this one
you will see the specific nodes but if
you're interested in seeing which set or
failing going through each platform and
like collecting the information could be
a bit much so there is a there is a tab
up here but please test and here you get
an overview on what platform they were
failing on and exactly what they were
and you can also see the output so this
is a bit nicer way of figuring out what
your errors on he also shows which
that's where you're skipping which
eventually we're gonna have to implement
all of these again some of them are
platform specific and some are not so
Jenkins lives on CIPA possible team by
default when you come here this command
look like this which is completely
different from what you see in the
purpose and to get to this new you are
you have to press on open blue ocean and
here you see the proper overview of all
the projects that we are currently
building and then you can either start
to genocide papers and you should find
it and you can see the branches and the
pull request and the activity and so on
if you want to be able to retry a job
you need to be logged in which happens
we are github and it uses your
organization permissions to retry jobs
and so on so if you don't see how we
tribe put them up here make sure you're
logged in and that you're included in
the organization stops so that was about
Jenkins the second one was is about
scarce ipfs so in the whole hunt I
quickly mention good so now we have this
and see little dashboard this is a
public endpoints all this is open for
viewing so I'm gonna put it in here or
swamp if you want to check it out right
now is very basic it just has the number
of peers which shows the bandwidth we're
currently using the low drawbridge of
the machine and the memory usage
eventually we want to have more details
here so there is a different issue
deploying guess idea pastor galaxy which
contain I put some logs about what we
want to expose specific metrics but if
you have more ideas like the number of
lipid PE protocols currently connected
to and so on it will be very good if you
can write on your thoughts so we make
sure we get all the metrics you want to
be able to make faster and more stable
and so on also eventually this is going
to be deployed on Jo type Avesta Rio but
until the DNS is solved gonna be this IP
and then it works exactly the same as
ago a paper gateways you can request
font on also and yeah
I think that's about those two things
then the last thing that I'm working on
is deploying web socket store because
this is currently hogging like all the
resources we have on our cloud in a
sense
so this cloud instances are instance we
use to just deploy scripts and programs
but then WebSocket story is now included
by default we are starting to have a lot
of notes
or a little tiny prototype solar can no
longer handle it so now I'm copying that
out into its own its own deployment from
this and that it I think and I want to
have any questions
alright I'm supposed to talk about what
I do next that's cool I'm gonna finish
the gayest like BFS infrastructure is
the DNS up I'm gonna finish the web
sockets for deployment as well and
currently I am refactoring or the GSI
PFS test to be properly isolated some of
them are gonna run in parallel now and
I'm also splitting out the feel like us
and the most of the Eric's PAP I toss
into its own repositories similar to how
the inter up Red Bull currently works so
we will be a language independent
repository where we include the other
products and that we run the test across
all the implementations that's it for
real you thank you maybe explain a
second or so one thing that I've never
noticed with the product structure like
all these surfaces that never you make
me change that requires like I'm working
pin is pin feature hey have to me at
least like three pull request a you know
potentially for I'm the cross different
projects and they're not stupid but am i
separating the best of occurring they
have an age instability or a sacrifice
will that increase that is that the so I
think we're talking about two different
things what one is the zeolite us-india
side papers to make sure that or CN is
like actually doing what I supposed to
be doing passing the orcs correctly and
everything basically that the usage of
this library we use 40 alloys that were
interacting with it correctly but then
on the other hand we have the CLI test a
test that the CLI interface is proper
across the implementations so in reality
there are two different things
and the same with HTTP API some things
should be the same across all the
implementation these are the interfaces
or the interruptus but then we also need
to make sure in case like the FS that we
can sort of - is VIP I properly and that
it receives requests and responding to
requests
but it should not test that the panini
works the same across implementations
basically we shouldn't have to include
Hawaii of us in jails ipfs to be able to
do the interval testing that should
happen Elspeth
but then the rest of the the the core
concern of KF ifs should still be in
there I don't want us to end up with
with too many modules and then you have
to spread out everything ever everywhere
so the yeah that's it like so kind of
like right now J sake of sapa runs its
sweet test against ego kind of like
those field tests it would mean is that
essentially running the sweepers against
both go in activist so what I want to
end up with is that when you run the J's
ipfs API us we can use faiths or mocks
and do just unit testing just the core
of the actually API client while to test
if gaius ipfs API works the same for GFI
PFS or go ipfs that needs to be
asynchronous from the testing it needs
to be disconnected and it needs to
happen elsewhere
so stuff I found
I think Messiah has his ultra-right yes
I have a question because they are now
public - monster Jess IPSS this is
possible to expose such dashpots form
when RT C star and WebSocket star so
actually currently with guru Harvard I
have we have our internal metrics for
our gateways and Jenkins and other
things and that also includes this cloud
instance that I was talking about where
we were where we are running a WebSocket
store currently right now this dashboard
is no public because it's deployed in a
in a private network but once I remove
WebSockets
web sockets or into its own server we
can make this public or we can give us
however we basically have more control
over the permissions an authorization
not upon but right now is not public
okay
any other idea I don't think so okay
then okay next one so saying what are
you working on or have worked on okay
just filed my first sort of set of PRS
this past week just going through the
waffle board and checking off all of the
like Help Wanted ready sort of easy type
things waiting some feedback on like a
thin format Multi adder and I was
curious like what the thin waist Multi
adder like means in context of ipfs so I
made a PR for the lid p2p like railing
and to do a little extra validation
there but just not enough familiarity
with like I guess the varying formats of
ipfs addresses and then sort of next
just more sort of floating issues that
are out there if people have any
suggestions I'm open to tackling
problems
all right cool I saw that Victor who
raised his him yeah it was specifically
about up here you don't have to take it
man
I left a comment sir about using multi
address format rather than doing our
custom validation but I don't think it's
the right moment to bring that up ya
know maybe okay okay yeah thanks all
right um okay so we're done with the
round table is there anything else that
anyone wants to talk about like it could
be like chatter a lot of things also
thing's not gonna know like please do
your code reviews more regularly or I
don't know
I'm good luck because someone else is
not doing his work or whatever so stuff
like this I don't see any hands oh I see
your hand yeah John hey I'm so I have
questions actually I have a lot of
questions but I don't but I know that
we're out of time women and I have been
asked these questions they're probably
like once I was asking probably look
really easy or simple or you good okay
just for me it's easier to have a
conversation about them
I think that maybe like in the earlier
in the actual of the full ipfs meeting
earlier today they kind of tried to
designate some time after the call for
it those types of questions I think that
might be a good time maybe that's a good
time to do it because it's when we all
get together but also want to waste
people's time
there another way that we can that I
could like try to reach out to someone
to try to like have these types of
questions and conversations like
whenever Demetri and I have to if we get
together over the interrupt tests I
guess is it just through issues in
common system or a beetle so what I've
found to work usually if I have like a
quick question where I just need to talk
in general ipfs step on IRC is usually a
good source to talk with developers on
the project I think all of us mostly
everyone hangs out in there and can ask
a question but then sometimes it's
better to just do a song call if you
notice that maybe you are not like fully
up to think where you want to make sure
you understand each other to just have a
video call and talk it through and when
it comes to specific like iron blocks I
cannot figure out for this this is
working even me and David have been
doing a bunch of hair programming
sessions as well it might help but like
for general questions which things ipfs
done otherwise schedule our call it like
a specific person who can help you up
yeah great
I think IPA the staff is a great source
um and I also don't know who knows what
I don't know who's been here who is
working which things so I think if you
ask an IPF us that we can probably help
like redirecting to each other so if you
have a question about this well I kind
of know who you would ask if you have
trouble with leave it PR it's most
definitely know which person to us I
feel he is poker and so on so if you ask
an idea first if no one knows like the
answer to your question at least they
know someone who supposedly knows the
answer to the question and it can help
you to redirect to that person okay
all right so em so I think so I firstly
personally also enjoyed the idea of
having at least like five minutes at the
end of this talk of this call - yeah
having those questions I mean I guess if
we would have started on time I mean
we're now like busy half an hour in and
so we would have had those five minutes
and I think yeah it's available because
also like even for myself I mean I
joined in January so I still have often
I wonder like who is who I should ask f
no clue so um yeah so I also ask SEO but
it also I think it would make sense to
do it on the cold yeah depending on the
time so as we said so we are running out
of time so if there aren't any important
issues left I would close the meeting
and so much I have something to write
before we quit and so I mentioned that I
wanted to deploy Liberty no trust me I
automate and I wanted to ask is this
even possible and who I have to ask and
what do I have to do and Victor yeah you
would ask me I think I still think I'm
not exactly sure because they way is not
here right now but David has been
talking about doing my from scratch
review of the whole no trust thing so I
don't want to go ahead and just deploy
it now on nuclear fuel boiler oil
but if there is a issue where you have
asked for this deployment somewhere ipfs
infrastructure would be the right github
repository I think and then we can
continue talking in the github issue to
make sure we remove all the blockers and
then we can deploy it we give you access
to the elevator
yeah okay so and we go ahead and create
an issue down so yeah okay all right
anything else nope so I will close the
meeting and thank everyone for joining
and yeah we'll see us next week good bye
bye hi happy Monday right